answers to questions:
All defaults good except for these. Don’t build anything till all questions are answered and you are 100% sure of what everything means.
We need to have a way to delete actions. User can right click and have a copy and delete option, and user can select an action and user computer shortcuts like ctrl-c, ctrl-v, ctrl-x. Also, user can save an option with the ignore action items not in it.
150 a is good, but as soon as the preset is changed, we have a little button to save this preset, as soon as the button is pushed, the user gets a little window to give the preset a name and Push save
154 a clip that has BPM mode enabled will start playing on the next 1 if it is triggered in the middle of a bar. This is automatic quantization that is implied when the clip has BPM mode.
159 b
160  a but we need some kind of light on the the first one that is conflicted that is switched off
162  b
161 can we make this lamp a toggle so user can switch between ignoring actions and following them?
163 the clip actions and layer actions are saved separately. The clip actions gets its toggle that can be buttons and sliders in one action, and the layer gets buttons and sliders in the layer tab plus clip triggers. The clips that are triggered have their own actions.
164 we will have room for 8 for clips, 8 for layer and 16 for global and a plus at the end off all of them for more than the 8 or16 that are displayed
168 a and the in anred out point can only snap to the grid. The grid can be adjusted but they must snap to grid
169 look at how resolume does it. I have a screenshot here. Resolume has the effect name as what is displayed where it has been dragged to from the effects tab. In that placement the other presets can be selected by clicking a button with a drop down menu in the preset name area just above the effect parameters. The other screenshot is how resolume displays the effect and its presets in the effects tab. Please emulate this. To answer the question, there is a row in the recording for every parameter and button that can be adjusted. If there were 8 sliders with no changes, and then all of a sudden there are 8 jumps, that row will show a default setting (or whatever setting was there before the preset drop) up to the drop when it is dropped the 8 values change at the same time.
 [Image #7] [Image #8]
170 the replay window looks different than live window. There will be a screen at the top with the video and the timeline for each parameter below it. If the user stops the playback by pressing stop button, uses the mouse inside any of the tracks, or presses the spacebar, it will stop playing but nothing else happens. The user can scrub the video and timeline by dragging inside any track. If the user clicks in any track the video will jump to that frame.
R111 if I fire a clip while the beat is stopped, it starts playing the beat. When paused, it will not play but will still display. The way to set up / cue up for a show start is to load up the clips and press start, or click on a column to trigger all of them at the same time and cue them ahead of time via the cue system which I am about to describe. 
Cue System:
To preview clips the same way as a DJ would do it, resolume has a output monitor, and just below it has the preview monitor. Look at screenshots of this. How we are going to be different is that below the preview monitor we are going to be able to select which of the layers we want to see displayed in the preview monitor  exactly how a DJ mixer allows the user to cue and listen to how the tracks would be mixed together before they mix them. Resolume calls it the layer monitor but it essentially the preview monitor. I am showing how they select what is in there but we will have the controls under the preview monitor. Also, when a user clicks on the bottom of a clip, where its name is, it is displayed in the preview monitor. I want this behavior as well to preview clips before adding them to the layer strip. 
[Image #5] [Image #6]
R114 if I pause a clip and save the show, and quit, when I open the show again that clip will be paused. That pause is saved. I need you to clarify this question, what is it about, actions or the live show?
R116 I don't get it. Please explain in detail.
R117 don't worry about the routine versus action. Just replace with action. Right now we are building and no shows are saved and the app is not being used for anything. It is being built.
R120 please clarify
R121 read and understand what I have told you about effect name display and preset naming then revise this and let me know where we are at
R123 yes. The action is controlled by the tempo because the action is locked to the grid. If the tempo increases, then the action plays faster so that it's grid lines lineup exactly with the bars of the live playing clock.
We will have the dj tracks later today. Let’s get on the same page first with questions and answers.